Copies Atlas CLI commands for release tag: atlascli/v1.40.0 (#947)
mongodb/docs-atlas-cli: source/command/atlas-api-serverlessInstances-deleteServerlessInstance.txt

`experimental <https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/cli/current/command/atlas-api/>`_: Removes one serverless instance from the specified project.

> The serverless instance must have termination protection disabled in order to be deleted. To use this resource, the requesting API Key must have the Project Owner role. This API can also be used on Flex clusters that were created with the createServerlessInstance endpoint or Flex clusters that were migrated from Serverless instances. This endpoint will be sunset in January 2026. Please use the deleteFlexCluster endpoint instead. This command is invoking the endpoint with OperationID: 'deleteServerlessInstance'. For more information about flags, format of --file and examples, see: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/v2/#tag/Serverless-Instances/operation/deleteServerlessInstance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The serverless instance must have termination protection disabled in order to be deleted. To use this resource, the requesting API Key must have the Project Owner role. This API can also be used on Flex clusters that were created with the createServerlessInstance endpoint or Flex clusters that were migrated from Serverless instances. This endpoint will sunset in January 2026. Use the deleteFlexCluster endpoint instead. This command invokes the endpoint with OperationID: 'deleteServerlessInstance'. For more information about flags, format of --file and examples, see: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/v2/#tag/Serverless-Instances/operation/deleteServerlessInstance
```
